Add the `__reversed__` method to `Group` and its mapping views (#1963)
h5py/h5py: news/reversed.rst

New features
------------

> The ``__reversed__`` method has been added to the following iterables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in ``reversed()`` function now works with the following iterables:
```

Release notes are meant for users, so the focus is on what you can do rather than the details of special methods.
